[Music] Can you
hear me?  What's happening?  Hello.  Can you
hear me?  No. Let's see, let's see.  Can you hear me?  Can you
hear me?  I do.  Don't you?  Okay, so do I.
What are you doing, [ __ ]?  He's in the mood, he
's in the mood for some gossip today, huh?  Wait, I'm
not sorry, I'm leaving.   Let's
see, let's see, wait, I can't hear you.
Oh, [ __ ], I can't hear you.  You don't
listen to me.  Yes, now yes, now yes, now
yes.  What's happening?  Where does it come from?  It's cove.
Nothing.  No, no, no, no.  Desire for gossip.   It's just
that I was a little bit shocked by
this kid, this kid
who's posting photos of
kids and all that.  Clear.  And what's
happening with Red, look,
regardless of the fact that Redo I
think has a problem, well what we
have is a lot of angry people,
you get angry and suddenly you jump and
suddenly, eh, do you remember when I
told you the other day that the internet was very dirty
?  Well, that's what's happening, the
internet is very dirty.  The internet is so
dirty that they are doing the
[ __ ] they are doing.  Eh, I would
tell Raed and I'll tell him
directly.  Yesterday he said that you
bought the cocaine at Frank's,
okay?  The other one saying that if you are a
cocaine addict directly.  The other one, how is
it?  Why don't you dedicate yourself to criticizing,
to laughing?  I find it very funny what happened with
the, look, the little dog, the
otter, the other thing.  Hey, these are just jokes,
right?  But he's getting into some
very ugly waters.  That is, if someone
does something, go after that person.
I mean, for example, laser, laserlen, it really
makes me give birth too, right?
Well, he has the right, he does what he wants
.  Imagine that I'm talking
about what they say in the chat, they say
outrageous things, okay?  Because they
're sending me clips, I get clips all day long
, right?  The nonsense they
say about me in your chat.  Imagine if I
hold him responsible and say, "Hey, look,
Serlen said this."  No no.
Serlén says what comes out of her mouth and
Serlén says what she writes.  I mean,
I can agree,
disagree, I can, but the same with
Raed, I mean, he's coming out now and he's going to start
this Javi Oliveira campaign, eh, he
's messing with me, I don't know if it's, I don't know
what, I don't know if it's his brother, nephew,
apparently, from what I've answered
above, eh, I've answered the MD
that it's not him anymore, I've seen it, I've seen it.
I was worked up over the things he
did to me, come on, he doesn't even deserve my
reply.  one thing no no no has to
do with the other.  That is to say, what is
wrong is wrong and that's it.  The thing is, you
can't start to, you can't
wage wars this way.  I
mean, there's a war on the internet:
you said it, I said it, I did it, you
defended it, etc.  That's very good.
All those fights we have and I
throw a little dig at one of them, the other one
throws it right back at me, such and such, or you doing it
is very good.  And that's the gossip and that
's the day-to-day and that's how you
get views and how you achieve it,
but they're getting into a
very ugly field.  I mean, if there's an
idiot who says, look, I'm going to
tell Raid something, I don't know if he's a
father, I don't know if Raed is a father or not,
but there's one thing that's very clear.
When you are a father, you don't touch children, or
sons, or anything.  And it happens to all of us
who are parents.  I mean, when they
touch our children or whoever is that
close, we jump like springs
because it pisses us off, because we protect them,
because a father is there to protect his
children even if they are 40 years old, okay?  And
then he has to understand, he has to
understand, eh, that you can't just take it and
say, "They said something about my
nephew, they showed me a photo of my
nephew, they said that this, that,
is Javi Oliveira, is this, is the other."
No, no, no.  go for the source, go
for the one who made it.  Okay, Máxime,
before all
this started, Javi said live that
he disowns the guy, I mean, apart
from disowning him.  So, you can
take it and say, I hold Javi
Oliveira responsible for this, for that, I hold
Javi Oliveira responsible for this or that
because it's not right, because
we get into wars, Raed, we
get into very ugly wars and I
understand how you feel, I understand,
okay?  Because it's a very dirty, very
ugly, son of a [ __ ] thing.  And if you manage to
understand and search and know who the
guy is, everyone will help you to
screw him and you already know, but if you
know who he is.  Well, if he knows it,
then let him do it.  But we can't
start a dirty war.  We can't
start a dirty war, Ray, because
look, you're practically the same age as
me, just a little younger.  Okay,
we come from another era.  We come from the
era where someone said something and you said,
"Get out, get out, let's talk about it outside."  That
was our time, Ray.
Our time.  That's why you're often
surprised, Javi, when he says, "I
'm going to look for you like this."  It's not that I'm going to
look for you in Seville, it's not that I'm going to
hit you.  I'm sure he's
already said it, right?  He has said it several times already.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, but I can tell
the But I'm saying tomorrow to the
laser, laser or when I told the one of the
if we meet on the street,
cross over.  Know?  But remember, I was
going to kill Dallas and when I
meet him on the street I say, "I'll hit you or
we'll have a coffee."  And in the end we
had a coffee.  You understand me?  But
Fran, they just put him in jail for a
weekend for less.  Yes, but
I want to tell you, the guy will have a
locked character, okay?  He will be a guy who
has an explosive character that jumps.
Okay, but when we were at
this age, at the age Raid is at and the age
I am, who is a little younger,
but we are practically from the same age
, things used to be resolved
by going outside and beating yourself up
and then going back in and
having a Coke.  That's how it was, I'll
tell you how it is.  So, he has this
attitude of I'm going to come after you, I'm going
to go after this, I'm going to go after this.  But look,
he's with his cryptocurrencies, with his
people, with his little things together, he's not
with that.  No, no, it's there
every day, I mean, because every
day he's with, uh, now the new thing,
yesterday he woke up saying that I take cocaine and he's been saying for
three or four days that I've been taking
cocaine, that I don't know what, I don't know how much
and that you sell it to me.  And the public has
put Lorena on live streams there,
entire live streams that were you, that Twitch is there
, right?  I would have put on entire live shows
of Lorena.  Lorena's photo is
very ugly, she hasn't touched it with a
disgusting stick.  I mean, insulting her for
an entire live stream.  If I post pictures of
my son, he'll come after the [ __ ] kid every
day, right?  He threatened violence,
then he deleted them, then I think it's
not right, huh?  That he is crazy,
that he is crazy, that he is crazy.  Okay, he's
crazy.  He's a madman.  Very good.  This
morning, look, this morning they just sent it to me
.  This morning he posted a
tweet and said, "Since Seville's dog
was barking again last night,
I'm publishing this audio of Dallas."  And he
published an audio of Dallas because he
says that I was barking last night and I
was here last night with Trium.  I didn't
do a live show here yesterday.  It's not right, Fran, it's
not right.  But what he's doing
now, what he's doing and what he's
starting and what that's going to
cause him.  That's going to get him into
trouble because what he's doing
is trying to
use someone else's attack to attack someone else
who has nothing to do with it and
who, on top of that, first of all,
said live, "Hey, I repudiate this and [ __ ]
off."  Then I'll tell Raed,
"Go sleep with Javi, talk about
Dala, insult, you'll be insulting all day long
."  It's very rude.  I mean,
we're all rude, but this guy is
very rude, very, very rude.  He messes
with diseases, he messes with
physical problems all the time.  It's not just a joke
you can make about the
person, it's not continuous, it's not an
insult, it's not one or two
mentions in a live stream, it's
constant.  So, I would tell you to
stop accusing people of crimes who
haven't committed crimes, because that
's also a crime in the United States.
Yesterday I was talking to a friend,
Ray, look, I lived in Florida for many
years, okay?  I went to Florida when I was
almost 17.  I was 16
when I went to Florida.  I went to
Brainington, okay?  I lived in Tampa.  Hey,
I have a lot of friends in Miami and yesterday
I made a call because Javi has
his ways of doing things.  Yesterday I
made a call to a friend.  Okay.  I
worked for IMG.  You know IMG, R,
right?  Okay.  It's a huge center
for athletes, it's a very
large company.  I have many friends there
because I have worked there for many years.  And I
asked if I was being charged with a
crime and he said he went there and bought it from
Frank.  That's it, Rae.  I am the son
of a Cuban mother and have lived in Maracaibo for six
months and I can speak Venezuelan. I
have moved around America, thank God,
I know what it means.  He bought it at
Frank's or he bought it at Frank's.  You
can tell me stories, but when you've
been talking about cocaine, that you snort
cocaine, that you snort cocaine, and you say
that the cocaine was bought at Fran's, don't
tell me now that you bought a
cocaine and that you sold it and
snorted it.  No, no, no, don't try.   It's
easier to say, "Hey, I screwed up, he makes
a stupid comment that we
all make."  But you're getting into some
very ugly waters, Red, that are
very ugly.  I never spoke ill of you.  In
fact, the other day I think I said,
"No, R is having fun, I don't know
what."  And you go and do it out of inertia and you
say things that neither the laerlec who
hates me nor the one who has no hatred for me.  Laserl
doesn't hate me.  He's just making
content for the sake of creating because he's
a professional hater.  That's it.
professional oil and he does that and he does it very
well, it seems very good to me, right?  But
Selen, I see that Selen, I see that she
does it for fame and because she believes that
the lawsuits won't come to her and she's like this
until they come to her.  But look,
this one is the one who has overcome it in a
month.  I mean, it's just that it's happened,
it's happened, it's happened.  It's that
even the other one, Mexi,
Mexi Vergas, uses dark humor, very
dark, Mexican, very son of a [ __ ],
but that's not the problem.  The thing is that Rae does
n't come from the internet for so many years,
like Mexi Vergas, for example, who knows how far she
goes and how far she doesn't
go, but the same thing happens to her
as to me, that we got into this
later, we didn't come out young
with this and we often lose our temper and we
say stupid things a lot and we screw
up a lot and we often have to
apologize.  What's happening is
that he's going so far, I
mean, yesterday he said 35,000 times that you
were snorting.  That's a crime,
Ray.  I spoke yesterday, okay?, with
someone and I asked him, "Hey, is it a
crime if someone says that I'm
selling such and such in this country?" He
wants to grab on, but it's unbelievable. V I've already
seen it. In one of the live shows where
I was fighting with him, I think it
was the one Ricky was on too, I don't
remember, one of them from I don't
know how many months ago, okay? The guy was
completely crazy and I said to him, "What's wrong with you
, did you have cocaine for breakfast?" Well,
he wants to equate that with the fact that
he's been saying all [ __ ] day that
I take cocaine. Not in one moment, not
in one moment when I'm like
super upset and I say, "Dude, Javi, what's
wrong with you?  "Have you done something?" No, no, no,
no. Every day, every day he's
writing that I do cocaine. Yeah,
uh, tagging the people I
work with, tagging uh that yesterday
he made a huge mistake. He made a
huge mistake, Javi, because apart from
saying it 30 times, you can say it
once what I'm telling you, make a mention,
do something stupid, but it's all the
time. And yesterday what he mentioned
is that you had gotten it for me.
Yes, yes, yes, yes. That was live at
the Serlén live, at the
Serlén live that he's being sued. It's a
crime, Rael. That's a crime. I
asked about it yesterday. That's a crime, but it
's also a crime. I mean, you
're accusing me of
selling drugs to someone for a living. With that
comment after having said that
someone is, is, snorting, that's a
crime. And in the United States, for a [ __ ]
m parking they can get it  nail.
Imagine that. I'm not saying I'm
going to file a complaint against you or anything like that
.  I called to ask.
So, jokes are fine.
Jokes are really good.
The otter thing was very good.
This pink dog was very good.  It's
[ __ ] awesome.  That's the gossip, but you
're getting into some very ugly territory.  In other
words, Javi has repudiated what they did
to this kid.  Just as I
heard, huh?  I'll also tell you one
thing, Ray, I don't know where they got
those photos from.  I guess from an
Instagram or something.  I also learned from
things like this many years ago not to post
photos when my children were little.  His
mother.  Well, in the end, I would
take pictures of their mother and make
memes, they would make memes about my children,
okay?  Now they're older, it's on
their Instagram, it has its story, but you can't
charge someone with anything because
what you're doing again is a
crime.  Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.  You can't just
take
something that someone else has done and
Javi has repudiated it and order it to be moved.  I'm telling you this because
you and I are from the same generation.  We
move by intensity, we move by
eh, that, that blow of bad temper
that comes out of us and we screw up and then
problems come to us or problems come to you
and problems can come to you.
So,
fight.  Call him a dog, call him so and so, call me
the otter, the other can
call me whatever he wants, the serlén can keep
saying no, keep posting
videos about not being a veterinarian, I'm not going
to report him, but you look like [ __ ]
on the lean guy because in the end the only thing
you prove is that you talk, talk, talk, talk
, talk, talk and you
screw up, you screw up.  It proves that Javi
has something to do with it.  For example,
prove it.  Don't say I'm responsible
because I can hold you responsible
tomorrow for anything that happens to me.
Ray ti to the laser, to Dallas, to Javi.  I
mean, why can I hold
someone responsible for something that someone else did to me
?  No no.  Each person has their
name here.  When they've
messed up with me, I've said this, this, this, this,
and that.  And I have said it like this.  I said it just yesterday
.  It's nobody's fault.  It's not the one
that was there.  No, no, no.  Everyone
has their own responsibility.  Okay, Javi
said two days ago that he didn't like what he
was doing and he kicked him out of
there as a moderator or whatever he was
in the chat.  He has not been a
moderator here.  It's that I don't know if he read it or it was
removed from the chat so he couldn't talk in
the chat, that he couldn't talk, but I did
n't know who he was.  He's fighting with
a 17-year-old boy and the boy, the boy,
the boy is humiliating him because the
boy is getting a sentence out of him and I think it's really cool that they
get a sentence out of him
.  I mean, [ __ ] him.  That
is, these are sentences that are in the United
States, they are public, and that's what there is.
Now,
I don't know this kid he's fighting with, I've
never seen him here in the
chat.  I'm telling you, I haven't seen the chat.
What you are doing is very serious, very
serious.  It's very serious, Javi.  No,
but you catch the line.  You've been catching the line for
many weeks now.  Are you
accusing someone of a crime who
hasn't committed it again?  Yesterday you made
one, today you made another.  If they're
attacking you, go for it.  Your enemy
is not Javi Oliveira.  Javi Oliveira is your
toy.  By the time you have the chat,
you make fun of him.  You make fun of me, of
Dallas, of Javi, of me, of Dallas,
because you have no other, you have no other
argument or anything else in life and I
understand that you're having fun, but
don't do that because you're committing a
crime.  You are committing a crime.  I
spoke to a lawyer yesterday, and he's not just any
lawyer, he's an IMG lawyer, he's a
senior lawyer, okay?  And I'm telling you, you're
getting into a [ __ ] mess and then you're going to
say that something happened to you
because of No, no.  Laser told you yesterday.
Yesterday Laser told you publicly.
Raed, shut the [ __ ] up.  Raed,
shut the [ __ ] up.  Laser told you.
Because?  Well, because he said that
he strongly disagrees with many of
this guy's opinions and what the hell he
should keep his mouth shut sometimes.  It's
that laser told him.  Yesterday he made a
laser clip where he says that and look what
a son of a [ __ ] laser is.  But that's what I'm telling you.
But I have to see it because if they
started saying that I take cocaine on
that live show, it's on Láerle's channel
on the live show.  Live laser live.
I posted it yesterday.  I mean, I'm not going to
give a strike to this or that either, but
I'm going to talk to Google.  I, thank
God, have the opportunity to speak
directly with them.  I mean, I have a
direct line to be able to say, "Hey,
this is being said here on this live stream."  Because?  Because I can
laugh, I can make a joke, I can do that,
but if a channel is saying that
I'm distributing drugs, I
won't tolerate that.  You can call me anything.   You
can say I'm a mythomaniac, that
I'm this, that, but I'm
not going to get over what happened yesterday.  I just don't get through it.
So, of course I'm going to talk to
Google and I don't close accounts or give
strikes and I could have done 1000 things,
1000 things.  But at this point, there's
no need to call a strike.  No
need to call a strike.  If someone on a
YouTube channel or a Twitch channel, or wherever,
tells me that, that channel doesn't have to
be there.  It doesn't have to be there because
that's public.  Anyone can see it
at any time.  It may be
true, it may be false, but it's there and I'm
being charged with a crime on a
YouTube channel.  So the platform doesn't
allow that.  And you can go from one to another,
from another to another, "No, I'm going to Google
Spain tomorrow. I'll call and say, hey,
this is happening. What is this?"  It's not
like they tell me, "Fran, this, Fran,
that."  No, I'm not reporting that.  I
report a crime.  That's why I tell
Rae to calm down, go after whoever
hurt her, and then fight
you,
me.  Let a doctor go, it's not
an offense, let a doctor go, it's not
right.  What he's doing and everyone
who's doing it, saying, "Javi
is to blame, Javi is to blame."  You
're screwing up, you are. That's called
moving, that's a [ __ ].  You're
[ __ ] up.  I mean, it's a crime.  It is a
crime.  It's called harassment.  If someone
does something to you, go after them, but don't
go after someone who just
defended you an hour ago.  I mean, no,
no, no.  You're messing up and
moving things around.
Rae, you're not stupid.  You're not stupid.  Okay,
so you know exactly what I'm
saying, you can fight, you
can joke, you can make fun of, but don't
accuse other people of crimes because you
're doing it with Javi now, you
did it with me yesterday and he's already called you
laser, shut the [ __ ] up sometimes.  That the
same thing happens to me, that I
call her a [ __ ] princess.  Remember,
remember what happened to me, I
told the little princess, "You suck her for
five, remember?"  I mean, we
talk a lot, but we have to go out the
next day and say, "Hey, I screwed up."   That's
not it, that's it.  And you keep fighting
afterwards.  But don't do what you're
doing because you're going to get into a
very big, very big, very
big mess.  And it's not worth it because you
're there to have fun.  We're here
to have fun.  And then we fought.
I tell the laser about the ladder.
One day he'll say to me, "Hey, let's see if
some cell can take your head off."  But these
are things you mention from time to time
to piss people off, you know?  If
Laser breaks his leg tomorrow, I'm going
to say, "Holy [ __ ], what a bummer."  And if I
had his contact, I'd say, "Hey,
despite everything, man, I hope you're
okay."  Because?  Because it's not personal.
This is not personal.  Learn things,
Rae.  Don't make things personal.  Don't
make things personal because they
only lead to trouble.  And what you
're starting to do could get really messed
up.  It can get really messy because you
're being charged with a crime and you're in
trouble.  You're already in trouble and I'll
give the lawyer's number to Javi and I
assure you that that lawyer is a son of a
[ __ ] because he works for IMG and he's a
senior and he's a friend of mine and if they want to
get [ __ ] out of you, they'll get it out of you.  Don't
get into legal trouble.  Fight if
we all fight.  We all fight
all day long.  You can file a complaint, a
report, I'll get you out here and all that, but what you
're doing is a different story, or what you're
doing is a [ __ ], but man, go out and
apologize for stupid things, even if
it's a joke.  Hey, I told a joke yesterday,
really, a silly thing that I didn't
mean.  That's it.  Hey, Javi
has nothing to do with this.  He's a
son of a [ __ ].  How are you?  Javi is a son of a
[ __ ] too, but he has nothing to do
with this.  You're going to screw up.  I'm just
telling you, you're going to screw up.  And arrogance,
that is, having a puffy face for one
day, is all very well, but then
you have a red face for three months.
So, we had a fight.  Yeah. You're going out with the
Otter the next day, come on, I'm going out
with, I don't know what to compare you to,
Ray.  What could we compare
Ray to?  with a But look at
Jeffer's mask, he's not going to do that, he's not going to
do that because he's not a
good person.  Look, he knows very well, but look,
if I'm telling you more, if
this morning, as soon as he
woke up, he posted a tweet with
some screenshots of Dallas, of I don't know what,
of cryptocurrencies, because he says that
I, Oh, you've fallen.  Yes, he fell,
Fran, he fell.  Sorry I left.  I
fell for you, you left, I left.  I was forgetting it,
I was closing a website and I closed yours.   I'm
saying that a tweet was posted this morning
.  She posted a tweet, eh, I just
saw it now too, I hadn't
seen it.  He tweeted, well, he
's messing with me every day, every
day, every day.  And he starts
tagging, the other day he started
tagging Vito Kile when
we interviewed him, he started tagging
Javier Urra, the defender, the minor,
look at that man when he finds
Techa Chalado's tuy.  And this morning
when he woke up he posted a
series of tweets exposing Dallas, some
conversations, I don't know what.  He says that
because I did a live show yesterday and I did
n't do a live show yesterday.  Yesterday I did a
live show with Trium.  You're crazy, Fran, you
're beyond belief, don't look for a
reason because it isn't there.  I have
now replied to the MD.  He started
writing to me via DM.  All crazy, pu, son
of a [ __ ].  And it's like, what are you
telling me, [ __ ].  If I
found out, the first thing I
did was condemn him in front of
everyone.  I've told everyone,
block everyone and all that
stuff.  No, things
happen and that's it.  And there are sons of [ __ ] in
the world.  There are sons of [ __ ] who are
evil.  Okay, but we can't
blame people who haven't done anything in
that regard.  I could blame
a lot of people, couldn't I?  I went to when
all this happened to me, I went to four
people, four or five people.  I
can't go to the one who tweeted or
the one who called me this or the other one who
said I don't know what, no, the people who
did it.  That is to say, if ler criticizes me later
, if you criticize me later, if
whoever criticizes me, I have to
put up with it, if Javi criticizes you, you
have to put up with it.  We are
public figures when we are here.  But don't
charge him with a crime, you'll get into
trouble, you'll get into [ __ ] trouble,
Rae, it'll affect more people, you
'll get into [ __ ] trouble, damn it.
Have fun on YouTube, but stop
messing around, you can say
the same thing without [ __ ] around.  I mean, you can
do the same thing without screwing up and
your own friends or
colleagues are telling you so.  Shut the [ __ ] up once in
a while.  Bite your tongue and don't accuse
people of crimes who haven't committed a
crime.  Because that is punishable in the United States
and you know it.  I mean, you know.  And
on top of that, yesterday you said that I'm selling.  I
am a public figure.  I am a
public figure.  What
you did yesterday was a mess.  It's a mess.  And what you
're doing today with Javi is another
mistake.  Many things that you said
are also a mistake.  Mind you, he'll have to
do what he has to do.  But man,
have fun on the internet.  Do the Mexi
Vergas.  Be a son of a [ __ ], a professional son of a [ __ ]
.  Or like the other one, like the
laser, who is a professional hater.  Do
the same.  You'll get into trouble, you'll get
reported, you'll get sued, but don't do what you
're doing.  Learn from people who
have been there a long time.  Learn.
Because it's that But well, that was all I
had to say.  Javi, Dallas doesn't
even touch him, huh?  Dallas doesn't even touch it.
Dallas hasn't even mentioned or heard about it for a
long time.  I don't think
Rae is a bad person, he seems
crazy to me. No, he doesn't seem crazy to me.   It's
one thing, yes, but a madman,
but because he doesn't know.  He thinks
this is the 80s, when you were
bullying, when you were fighting outside
the bar.  That's the problem,
Javi, that many people have
different concepts of life and
I'm like, ...
And you would start hitting each other,
remember what that was like.  But he's a
stalker.  Look, today he went to a
live show of one of this great ones, today he went to a live show of another
one.  Well,
that tells you everything, he's there and he's
gone, he's gone to Pepa's live show
and he's dedicated some time
to a moderator.  Yes, with your,
with your, with your admirer, with your Crash.
Well, Peppa is my friend.  No,
Peppa can insult me ​​very well.
Peppa insults me very well.  She's the one who
insults me the best.  They spent about
half an hour insulting An, telling her
about her little things: she's overweight, she's
losing weight, I don't have anything to
feed her, she's so fat.  But
that, look, they can do that,
they will do it and they will be bullies or not
bullies, okay?  They're going to be like this, perfect.
But here we are already talking about
crimes, crimes, serious crimes.  I'm
telling you, Raed, sometimes it's better to have a
red face for two hours than to get into
trouble later.  I'm telling you this from experience, and you'll probably have had
more experience with
things like this too.  Don't screw up.
Go after the one who does harm, go after
the one who commits the crime, not the one
out there who you hate.  No, [ __ ].  It's
like if something happens to me and I say it's the
laser's fault.  Just imagine,
anything happens tomorrow, I mean, it's a
laser.  No, damn it, it doesn't work
like that.  This doesn't work.  That's it.  On
Sunday we're going to drop a bombshell so
people know.  On Sunday we have to
drop a bomb.  No no.  On
Sunday we're going to drop a bombshell.  Let
the people prepare themselves.  Sunday is going to be a
blast.  Yes, but it's a bomb, huh?
Sunday.  Let's kiss.  Goodbye, [ __ ].   Are you
still listening to it?  No, that way.  There he
went.  He's crazy, man.  He's crazy.
Look, I'm leaving, eh.  The stalker of the
submissives.  Oh, what is this
middle part?  Oh, okay.  The submissive's stalker
says, "Her followers
often post pictures of
other people's children to attack. Several have
used my daughter's pictures on their social media, which she
continues to voice despite how unhealthy it is to
take pictures of family members."  No,
a passerby, a harasser of submissives.  And
what really got you in trouble, Salomé,
was that you started saying that I
use my family to make money and
to play the victim, I don't know
how much.  When you, harasser of
submissives, have a video, which I
think was touched, you have a
video with a photo, a
photo pass of your wife and your daughter
saying, "If I'm here it's because of
them, if you donate to me it's because of her,"
literally asking for money, putting a
photo of your family.  Shut your
mouth, man, because you distort everything and
you're the stalker of the submissive.  What
Deluxito did was really wrong, but
the one who started this was R. But I don't care
that I don't give a damn what the
two of them are fighting about.  I don't give
a damn what the two of them are
fighting about, you know?  I don't give a
damn that they're fighting.
He is fighting
with a 17-year-old boy.
He is fighting with a 17-year-old boy who
is dealing with the boy.  But the
problem is that he's fighting with
the kid and every time the kid
humiliates him he comes to me and is like, "Yo, what the
[ __ ] are you telling me, man?"  Yes, yes,
yes.  He is fighting with the child and
every time the child humiliates him he comes to
me to tell me his problem.  What are you
telling me?  And the worst thing is that today when he
came with the He is lying on
purpose.  There is no more.  He is lying on
purpose because he can't lie with the truth and there is no
other.  I mean, don't give a damn.
Report it and get out.  Rae, man.  I mean, it's just
you and that's it.  You mad bro.
Grab them, Javi, it's too much.
Grab them now.  Face with symbols in the
mouth.  Face with symbols in the mouth.
I have no doubt that they're going to
condemn him and say, "Hey,
we're 22 out of 50 now, huh?"  I have
no doubt that they will convict him.
Look, man, don't give a damn.  I'm not going to
pay attention to anything you do or
say, okay?  Talk, talk to the
wall, talk to the wall and to your
harassing friends and you will get news, you will
get news because
obviously you
will get news because we
are preparing the complaint for you.  Come on, it
's not a lie like you.  R just
blocked me.  He knows he's lying.
People, look, I have it here and
people are saying to him, "Ray, what
are you talking about? If Javi has condemned him,
do you understand me? If Javi Javi has not done
that, Re."  And I don't know and he's blocking
because he's interested in taking this
new story now.  Yesterday it was cocaine, and now
today it will be that story.  What,
Abel?  I don't understand.
[Music]